TSTScoreHelper is a MATLAB based GUI for assiststed manual scoring of
the tail suspension test (TST). Using the score function: a video 
recording of the TST trial is presented to the user, who toggles the 
mobility status between the "mobile" and "immobile" accordingly. Using 
the rescore function: two users' scores for the same trial are compared 
to find disagreements, which are then presented to the current user for
a final decision. The goal of TSTScoreHelper is to enhances the rigor 
and reproducibility of TST scoring by simplifying the process and 
improving consistency.

A spreadsheet containing the needed filepaths is required. Download the 
example filepath spreadsheet and edit to list the filepaths accurate to 
the computer running the program. For scoring, the template spreadsheet 
is called “example_scoring_filepath_spreadsheet.xlsx” and requires the 
filepaths of the videos. For rescoring, the template spreadsheet is 
called “example_rescoring_filepath_spreadsheet.xlsx” and requires the 
filepaths of the videos and the score spreadsheets of each trial, which 
are generated by scoring with the GUI. The filepath of the score 
spreadsheet of a trial generated by the GUI is listed in the results 
spreadsheet (also generated by the GUI).

DIRECTORY
TSTScoreHelperInstallerWindows.exe is the program installer for Windows.
TSTScoreHelperInstallerMax.app.zip is the program installer for Mac.
TSTScoreHelper_FullCode.m is the raw MATLAB code for the program.
example_rescoring_filepath_spreadsheet.xlsx is the template spreadsheet required for rescoring.
example_scoring_filepath_spreadsheet.xlsx is the template spreadsheet required for scoring.
